README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <h1>🌐 One More Framework 🌐</h1>
    <p>--A ~100 line JavaScript frontend framework inspired by the likes of Raylib--</p>
</div>

## About
One More Framework (or OMF) is a super-lightweight frontend framework that fits in under 100 lines of JavaScript. It has no dependencies on any other JavaScript library.

It was inspired by how components are organised in [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) and how simple libraries like [Raylib](https://www.raylib.com/) and [Macroquad](https://macroquad.rs/) are for game development.

Most frontend frameworks have a dependency on NPM and, especially for smaller apps, include a *lot* of bloat. OMF aims to be a framework where the source code is so small you can just copy and paste it into a `<script>` tag. 

### What do you get?
Components, with local state, a `.rerender` function and lifecycle hooks `.onRerender` and `.onDestory` (and, in a way, "onCreate").

That's what you get. 

OMF is built for smaller websites and apps. It's not *impossible* to make larger apps with it, but you'll be expected to provide functionality for things yourself (in a similar philosophy to Raylib and Macroquad). Most noteably **sharing/syncing state between components**. This is what makes OMF so light.

However, there is a silver lining. This means you can choose an approach that works best for your project - rather than relying on what the authors of a framework *think* suits your project best. 

## Use
To use OMF, include the source in a `<script>` tag in the `head` of your document. You can do this either by using the Github repo as a `src=` or by copy and pasting the source code directly into it.

Register components with `component(name, path)`.

Then use your components by doing `<name></name>`.

To write a component, open a new file and write HTML as you normally would (just without any boilerplate) - then inside a `script` tag you can assign functions to the lifecycle hooks and write code to run on component creation.

**To learn how to use OMF properly, refer to the examples (at `/examples`) or the docs (at `/docs` or on the [Github Page site](https://ShaiyaJ.github.io/omf/))**, experienced developers can probably get away with just using `/examples` as a reference guide. 

## Licence
This project is under the MIT Licence. This means you can copy, modify, redistribute, etc. - without any need for credit.

Credit is appreciated, but obviously not required. 

See `/LICENSE` for details.

Commit message:

Performance optimisations and bugfixes - breaking changes
There was some questionable decisions with component evaluation - I overcomplicated the problem in my initial attempt and it went through many issues. Now I've solved the problem in a quicker and more optimised way by leveraging template strings. This is why this is a breaking change, all  needs to be updated to . This commit also fixes all the examples with this change. But there are clear gains for this. One is that functions that have multiple  characters now work - previously they didn't but it hadn't come up in testing. Now it is possible to write full functions in . And, since they are evaluated as template strings, the process for evaluating them is simpler and quicker. There were also some easy performance gains after researching  and  differences for clearing all tags. There are still areas (like comment filtering) that could be optimised for *rerendering only* (it adds time to component creation).

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <h1>🌐 One More Framework 🌐</h1>
    <p>--A ~100 line JavaScript frontend framework inspired by the likes of Raylib--</p>
</div>

## About
One More Framework (or OMF) is a super-lightweight frontend framework that fits in under 100 lines of JavaScript. It has no dependencies on any other JavaScript library.

It was inspired by how components are organised in [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) and how simple libraries like [Raylib](https://www.raylib.com/) and [Macroquad](https://macroquad.rs/) are for game development.

Most frontend frameworks have a dependency on NPM and, especially for smaller apps, include a *lot* of bloat. OMF aims to be a framework where the source code is so small you can just copy and paste it into a `<script>` tag. It allows you to develop your website with the only "dependency" being that you have a browser.

### What do you get?
Components, with local state, a `.rerender` function and lifecycle hooks `.onRerender` and `.onDestory` (and, in a way, "onCreate").

That's what you get. 

OMF is built for smaller websites and apps. It's not *impossible* to make larger apps with it, but you'll be expected to provide functionality for things yourself (in a similar philosophy to Raylib and Macroquad). Most noteably **sharing/syncing state between components**. This is what makes OMF so light.

However, there is a silver lining. This means you can choose an approach that works best for your project - rather than relying on what the authors of a framework *think* suits your project best. 

It's probably more accurate to think of OMF as a "DOM-driven micro-framework".

## Use
To use OMF, include the source in a `<script>` tag in the `head` of your document. You can do this either by using the Github repo as a `src=` or by copy and pasting the source code directly into it.

Register components with `component(name, path)`.

Then use your components by doing `<name></name>`.

To write a component, open a new file and write HTML as you normally would (just without any boilerplate) - then inside a `script` tag you can assign functions to the lifecycle hooks and write code to run on component creation.

**To learn how to use OMF properly, refer to the examples (at `/examples`) or the docs (at `/docs` or on the [Github Page site](https://ShaiyaJ.github.io/omf/))**, experienced developers can probably get away with just using `/examples` as a reference guide. 

## Licence
This project is under the MIT Licence. This means you can copy, modify, redistribute, etc. - without any need for credit.

Credit is appreciated, but obviously not required. 

See `/LICENSE` for details.
